When I breathe, I inhale confidence and exhale timidity
I love meeting strangers and approach them with boldness and enthusiasm
I approve of myself and love myself deeply and completely
I live in the present and am confident of the future
My mind is full of gratitude for my lovely and wonderful life
My personality exudes confidence. I am bold and outgoing
I have high self esteem as I respect myself
I deserve all that is good. I release any need for misery and suffering
I am self-reliant, creative and persistent in whatever I do
I am energetic and enthusiastic. Confidence is my second nature
I always attract only the best of circumstances and the best positive people in my life
I am a problem solver. I focus on solutions and always find the best solution
I love change and easily adjust myself to new situations
I love challenges. They bring out the best in me
I am well groomed, healthy and full of confidence. My outer well being is matched by my inner well being
Self confidence is what I thrive on. Nothing is impossible and life is great
I love and accept myself unconditionally
I approve of myself and feel great about myself
I radiate love and respect and in return I get love and respect
I am a well loved and well respected person
I am a cultured and wise and yet, a humble person
My high self esteem enables me to respect others and beget respect in turn
I am free to make my own choices and decisions
I am a unique and a very special person and worthy of respect from others
My high self esteem allows me to accept compliments easily and also freely compliment others
I accept others as they are and they in turn accept me as I am
It matters little what others say. What matters is how I react and what I believe
All is well in my world and I trade love and acceptance with the world
I release the need to prove myself to anyone as I am my own self and I love it that way
I am solution minded. Any problem that comes up in life is solvable
I am never alone. The universe supports me and is with me at every step